Add option to run only once (#25)
redpencilio/ldes-consumer-service: README.md

The service can be configured with the following environment variables:

- `BLANK_NODE_NAMESPACE` [string]: namespace to use for skolemizing blank nodes (default 'http://mu.semte.ch/blank#')

> - `AUTOSTART` [boolean]: set to true to start the consumer immediately (e.g. when running the service as a Kubernetes CronJob). It will run only once. (default: `false`)

Author: ```suggestion
- `RUNONCE` [boolean]: set to true to run the consumer only once (e.g. when running the service as a Kubernetes CronJob). (default: `false`)
```
